Very good.. different from others.. better choice.. recommeded to bring for family at home.. good serviceThe best place to try Es kacang, you should come here at Pempek & Es Kacang Vico.
They served all kinds of pempek also others variants just look up at the menu, and They prepared for package of pempek also packaging to out town, really...good service.
Beside pempek with cuko Vico is the best taste, you can buy seperately bottle of cuko Vico.
Recommended place when you are in town.MoreThis place is well known restaurant and gift shop on Palembang. When I eat pempek in this place, Vico pempek has quite strong fish flavor. You can also try different kind of pempek here.Located oppsite of palembang indah mall,pempek served..the pempek is good and other food  also nice there.As soon as we landed n checked in to our hotel (which was close by this restaurant), we went out to try the local flavors and we really liked it. If you are looking for local snacks this is the place. we had a variety...of pempek and es kacang which costed IDR 64,000 ($4.5) for two. If you are in Palembang, try it out.MoreI loved it. Dense fish and flour. The Chinese have a version but is lighter. 

This is a chain restaurant that’s very popular. I found it busy and the food is pretty good.From all of their Pempek, Kulit is my favorite especially The Cuko! it's like the sauce which you dip in.. the taste of it is like a bit spicy but it's so good. i might eat other Pempek but the Cuko must be from Vico....Hands down for Vico's Cuko!MoreI ordered three kinds of menu which are model ikan, pempek, and es kacang. All of them really delicious.This Pempek Resto doesn't have special taste but you can find many variant Pempek and Palembang signature snack here.

Queue is very long, so you must have more patient to taste the meal.i came to the restaurat and it was very crowded, but the service was excellent and fast. there were many other dishes besides pempek. the ice kacang is very tasty. the pempek was very delicious and has a very disticnt taste compares to other pempek.The place was nice, and of course, in this place - the "cuko" (pempek sauce) taste is taste sour and sweet with a little spicy, and suitable for tourist from Jakarta. Perfect as a gift. 

Price is also affordable.They have good pempek and their es kacang is the best in town. However this place is always crowded every time I go there, it's very hard to get a parking spot with a rude parking man.Was recommended this restaurant by my mom as she recently visited palembang before I did. I tried its Model and Pempek obviously and my hubby tried its Es Kacang. So the Model is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. If I could bring it back to SG, I definitely...would. I'd say that the model here is wayyyyy better than all the Tekwan that I've tried ever in my life so it really a must try for those of you who come to visit here.

Pempek was good too here, I'd say that the Cuko here is special. The spicy level is just about right for those of you who have medium spicy-tolerance. Es Kacang Merah here as well, though it's a bit expensive (i think it was about 20K IDR), it was good to try.

The restaurant was quite crowded, esp during lunch time, and since there's no queue or anything to eat in, you just have to be smart and brave to go in and find empty seats. The other reason why it's crowded was because many people come to buy BOXES of pempek to bring home. We did it too before we left the city, n the waiting time was around 15 - 30 mins (depending on how many u ordered).MoreBusy restaurant and very local. The food is good and the service was just ok. They sell local crackers but in store next door. 
If you are into very spicy food, you will like this restaurant.When i arrived in here, i wanted try all varians of pempek. I only try each of varians, but my stomach was full, so i taken away the rest of them.
I think the flavor was chewy (i dont know why it is), and not...really soft for fish.More
Good hotel, delicious food and great staff (sinta) . Thankyou for hospitality. Next holiday come back againGreat view, great costumer service, great food. Thanks mas randa udah membantu service breakfast nya.We’ve been a loyal customer for more than 5 years up until now. Lately, we order cakes for celebration and it turns out beyond our expectation. I myself never eat cake’s cream because it tastes too greasy. BUT, for the very first time, I finish...all my cakes (yeayyy). 

Thank you for the chef who made our celebration becomes unforgettable. Thumbs up !MoreMy family and i always come back to this restaurant since the Italian food is amazingly good and never disappoint me even once. The ambience is great too and the hospitality make you feel like you are home. 
I’ve ordered so many menu but mostly...i forget to take a picture so these pictures was the only left in my phone. 
My tips are, try asking the waiter for the food off the menu for example i’ve asked for matcha creme brûlée , parfait, cheese and chicken cannelloni, mushroom zuppa soup. 
As my family cant really eat Italian food they order dimsums like siew may, hakkau, chicken pao, prawn spring roll, etc. all the foods are halal and really fresh. I will definitely come back to this place !Morekitchen doesn't work as a professional kitchen, the standard is poor, could be good but it requires new staff or head chefThe square provided you with good and tasty food. The breakfast was great, but I couldn't find enough fruits during dinner...Serving Indonesian, Western and chinesse food. Black pepper beef and lazy fish steam taste really good.
The well known mie celor,  noddle with thick milky gravy..delicious. you may have it for breakfast or late mealFamous the legend of Mie Celor since my parents young, The Real taste of Palembang culinary and so yummy. You should try to come and eat Mie Celor here, I bet you can say same like me so yummy. Everytime I came to this city...always love to comeback. Recommended.MoreVisited the other location, not the onw at the market (Pasar). The taste does not disappoint, but they only sell 1 kind of food, Mie Celor.Mie Celor, popular traditional food in Palembang. Very wellknown with its classic ingredients, such as handmade noodle, mix it with coconut milk, ebi brooth, bean sprouts, egg slices and other traditional sauce, make it very delicious.
Very recommended to try, to get natural taste of...Palembang foodMoreIf you want to try the authentic food from Palembang then this is the place you won't miss to visit. It is the noodle with the thick coconut milk sauce completed with shrimp and bean sprouts. Very tasty and recommended food.Many many mie celor restauranr in palembang, but the oldest one is here.. and thw most legendary is hereThis is the other kind of noodles culinary you can find in Palembang South Sumatra. It served with shrimp coconut milk curry and egg. This restaurant is very famous and have some outlet of Mie Celor 26 Ilir H. Syafei restaurant. The price is also...cheap, its IDR 20k per pax.MoreJust one word delicious, you should try the mie celor once you visit Palembang, it’s perfect combination of noodle with shrimp.Well...this is a specialty menu in Palembang. I like trying authentic dish from certain areas. That’s why I came upon this particular dish in this restaurant.
Well...not my cup of tea, exactly.
It’s kind of weird for an egg noodle to blend with this particular...soup / broth / sauce.
The broth kinda like the taste of Pizza Hut’s Fettucini.

But everybody else likes it...it’s just a matter of personal taste & prefference.

But you should try it anyway, to experience Palembang’s authentic dish.MoreBeen here while in ramadhan.
The restaurant itself were located near the local market and the surrounding area was really stink while at night.
The mie celor itself was really greatI love noodles. However when the gravy is a like diluted carbonara sauce (my opinion), it is a bit off for me. Very fast service. They only serve "Mie celor" only, so if you not a fan, it will be a challenge. Next door are...two restaurants selling Palembang delicacies, pempek.MoreMie celor is one of Palembang traditional food. Made of noodles in prawn stock. Tastes okay, the place is okay. Kinda hard to park your car.It was my first time eating mie celor ever so really don't know what to expect but overall it was a great meal. I ordered 1 for me and my husband and it taste very good. it wasn't very tasteful, I don't think they use...MSG and stuff but it's still a good meal. And since the soup based is supposed to be Ebi based, you can really taste the ebi here too so it's really a good meal indeed. The portion wasn't very big either so everything is just about right for me.

We were there at around 2pm on saturday and there weren't many people so we don't wait too long for our food to come. There are 2 branches I think for this specific resto and we went to the one near a market. 

This is a must try when you visit Palembang!MoreThe first time is not delicious because the taste was totally new for my mouth.
But the 2nd time was great and so the rest.
I like thisIt's something new for me and i was a bit worried about the taste because some said they put shrimp and i don't like something fishy. It turned out the taste was very nice and no fishy at all. The shrimp was fresh. Must try.
